Add developer translation documentation (#148)
mumble-voip/mumble-www: hugo/content/documentation/translation.md

---
title: Developer Translation Documentation
date: 2021-03-14
lastmod: 2021-03-14
---
Mumble makes use of the Qt framework. This is also the case for translations. We follow the Qt tools and translation workflow.

> Translators can translate our project in our [Mumble Weblate project](https://hosted.weblate.org/projects/mumble/mumble-client/) without a need for Git, Code, or other programs than their webbrowser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Translators can translate our project in our [Mumble Weblate project](https://hosted.weblate.org/projects/mumble/mumble-client/) without a need for Git, Code, or programs other than their web browser.
```
